Good day love people and Mary is
back again and this time with an update
from the minecraft 1.6 crackdown this
version is just an update i
I promised or I think so
I promised you another video
if a new better
version comes out and this is now the
here we have the download in
our forum
because then learn us down now
I will redirect to Mega again
have this time also as a precaution
uploaded elsewhere if the download
here does not work download
completed
that went fast so we open again
very normal visa file and wrap up
a lot said and three files
Except this time there is no lip
folder this time there are only the read
file the crack lancia and one
minecraft point ex you just need the
minecraft extract launcher point yes me
have already happy minecraft that clear
is the premium original that we can
now close here in the read
file i ask you to read it there
really everything is important in it
Here we have our track
launcher you can once
this is the new the origin
file just like in the last video
you could theoretically synonymous with so
However, java open and the whole one
I have to make a bit more comfortable
a real created with the whole
but you still need it
both files of this file is from
the dependent here
also very important these two files
have to be in a folder that is
if you have a new folder now
simply create minecraft from
which then we can do these two
move in files
but you are not allowed to do this now
Pull minecraft exile on the desktop
that does not work anymore
you then right-click on it
presented and then ask a
linkage and this linkage can
you draw on the desktop
that's the same as if you were
which he does, we do that now
we just do a stink normal
double clique on it then opens
short-term in short small consoles
dark , nothing happens anymore
anyway, why can not you do it?
not that one
why, then why is it here ?
oh yes that is another part
another tip the mine credit crack
launcher file that can not be renamed
otherwise this will work as well
not yet I do not know why now
she minecraft is it is probably a mistake
have you seen otherwise works
not so now but now it opens
here in the console window and then
this is already appearing here
selection window where minecraft in there
So I will do it
I already have mine
minecraft folder on my desktop
I just created where is the
United States
I feel just open it comes
here still messages minecraft wants to be
installed in blablabla what i am
Just today, press now
the ok and then we have here too
again the correct launcher now
we still see what's in the background
you can not pass this window
has close to Minecraft started
unfortunately that is still a bug I try
to fix that but so then lets now
just hopefully my bothers me too
not so this time there is here
really no news except that
field is missing here you can already
user name and animal to the official
You can do that in the valley full of people
can choose again
if I click on cancel now
starts the new that is stupid find short
wait until this is a café
downloaded download has the lasts
if a bit what you here because
looks the same that you are here too
see in the devil open end console
would or sees why
Well, I do not need to explain now
I think he does not matter, he lives
at least now minecraft down
You can see that here, too
we see the sound files like him
download these files so finished
Now this has to be done shortly after start
he does not care
Now I'll go back to my name
click on play
now loads also checked now
even a few things still invites
down some current libraries and then
you can also start playing they will come
completely normal messages ready and now
has minecraft 1.8 started her
can now play as normal and
Now that you have done it, you can
then close the window and that too
because yes so I hope he will have fun
well I have less fun in the video though
I hope you have it in any case
helped and see you next time